README.md, before:

# Project-Space

# User Story
1. As a User, I want to search through Celestial Bodies in our Solar System, So that I can see how our planet compares to other bodies in our system. 

2. As a User, I want to see images of our solar system, so that when I look at the data, I can have a visual. 


# Acceptance Criteria

## Description

Provide a short description explaining the what, why, and how of your project. Use the following questions as a guide:

- What was your motivation?
- Why did you build this project? (Note: the answer is not "Because it was a homework assignment.")
- What problem does it solve?
- What did you learn?

## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running.

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative file path, add it to your README using the following syntax:

![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)

## Credits

Planet Information planet API
https://api.le-systeme-solaire.net/en/

Website for NASA API Photo of the Day
https://api.nasa.gov/

Website for Data Page Background Image:
https://www.nasa.gov/multimedia/imagegallery/iotd.html

https://www.w3schools.com/w3css/default.asp

## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).

---

🏆 The previous sections are the bare minimum, and your project will ultimately determine the content of this document. You might also want to consider adding the following sections.

## Badges

![badmath](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/nielsenjared/badmath)

Badges aren't necessary, but they demonstrate street cred. Badges let other developers know that you know what you're doing. Check out the badges hosted by [shields.io](https://shields.io/). You may not understand what they all represent now, but you will in time.

## Features

If your project has a lot of features, list them here.

## How to Contribute

If you created an application or package and would like other developers to contribute to it, you can include guidelines for how to do so. The [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) is an industry standard, but you can always write your own if you'd prefer.

## Tests

Go the extra mile and write tests for your application. Then provide examples on how to run them here

Commit message:

added screenshots of main page to readme

README.md, after:

# Project-Space

# User Story
1. As a User, I want to search through Celestial Bodies in our Solar System, So that I can see how our planet compares to other bodies in our system. 

2. As a User, I want to see images of our solar system, so that when I look at the data, I can have a visual. 


# Acceptance Criteria

## Description

Provide a short description explaining the what, why, and how of your project. Use the following questions as a guide:

- What was your motivation?
- Why did you build this project? (Note: the answer is not "Because it was a homework assignment.")
- What problem does it solve?
- What did you learn?

## Table of Contents (Optional)

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running.

## Usage

Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.

To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative file path, add it to your README using the following syntax:


![Picture of Home Page](assets/images/screenshotMainPage.png)
![Picture of Home Page](assets/images/screenshotMainPage2.png)

## Credits

Planet Information planet API
https://api.le-systeme-solaire.net/en/

Website for NASA API Photo of the Day
https://api.nasa.gov/

Website for Data Page Background Image:
https://www.nasa.gov/multimedia/imagegallery/iotd.html

https://www.w3schools.com/w3css/default.asp

## License

The last section of a high-quality README file is the license. This lets other developers know what they can and cannot do with your project. If you need help choosing a license, refer to [https://choosealicense.com/](https://choosealicense.com/).

---

🏆 The previous sections are the bare minimum, and your project will ultimately determine the content of this document. You might also want to consider adding the following sections.

## Badges

![badmath](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/nielsenjared/badmath)

Badges aren't necessary, but they demonstrate street cred. Badges let other developers know that you know what you're doing. Check out the badges hosted by [shields.io](https://shields.io/). You may not understand what they all represent now, but you will in time.

## Features

If your project has a lot of features, list them here.

## How to Contribute

If you created an application or package and would like other developers to contribute to it, you can include guidelines for how to do so. The [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) is an industry standard, but you can always write your own if you'd prefer.

## Tests

Go the extra mile and write tests for your application. Then provide examples on how to run them here
